1. The web browser creates a socket using the API provided by the OS. We can describe the socket with a more
specific prefix: a client socket. For the server to process client requests, the computer
running the web server must listen for incoming connections; that is, the server application
creates a server socket intended to listen to connections

2. A socket is an abstraction over network communication. We treat them as regular files – everything written to a socket is sent via the network to its
destination by the operating system. Everything that is received via the network is written
into the socket – again, by the operating system. This way, the OS provides two-way
communication for network applications.

3. TCP first establishes a connection between two endpoints. The client sends a SYN request to the server. The server answers with the
SYN-ACK response, letting the client know that it's fine to continue the handshake. Finally,
the client answers with an ACK to the server stating the connection is officially established.
They can communicate as long as they want.

4. UDP doesn't work this way. It sends data to the destination without worrying about an
established connection. If you use UDP but need some reliability, you should implement it
by yourself; for example, by checking whether a portion of data reached the destination.

5. We are implementing a TCP server

6. The following are the main tasks of the server:
        i) Receive files from client applications
        ii) Store files at specified locations
        iii) Send files to clients upon request

7. So, therefore we are going to have three entity: Store Manager, Client Manager, Networking

i) The Storage Manager handles everything related to storing and retrieving files.

ii) The Client Manager is a class or a group of classes that represent handling everything
related to authenticating or authorizing clients (by client, we mean a client application),
keeping steady connections with clients, receiving files from clients, sending files to clients, and so on

iii) Everything that relates to a network connection, along with data transfers from and to clients, is
handled via Networking


